sql: fix an error in statistics (#17531)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

Before v5.3.0, TiDB uses the reservoir sampling method to collect statistics. Since v5.3.0, the TiDB Version 2 statistics uses the Bernoulli sampling method to collect statistics by default. To re-use the reservoir sampling method, you can use the `WITH NUM SAMPLES` statement.

> The current sampling rate is calculated based on an adaptive algorithm. When you can observe the number of rows in a table using [`SHOW STATS_META`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-show-stats-meta.md), you can use this number of rows to calculate the sampling rate corresponding to 100,000 rows. If you cannot observe this number, you can use the sum of the `APPROXIMATE_KEYS` field in all the [`SHOW TABLE REGIONS`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-show-table-regions.md) of the table as another reference to calculate the sampling rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current sampling rate is calculated based on an adaptive algorithm. When you can observe the number of rows in a table using [`SHOW STATS_META`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-show-stats-meta.md), you can use this number of rows to calculate the sampling rate corresponding to 100,000 rows. If you cannot observe this number, you can use the sum of all the values in the `APPROXIMATE_KEYS` column in the results of [`SHOW TABLE REGIONS`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-show-table-regions.md) of the table as another reference to calculate the sampling rate.
```
